hey guys welcome back to another
minecraft let's play this is uh this is
I believe episode 15 of my little let's
play minecraft so this is his dream
vinil and dream ray for those of you
don't know and if you don't know meaning
you haven't watched my other videos I
strongly suggest you do so guys what
we're going to be doing in this video is
we're gonna go exploring a little and I
have built up my cave system it stopped
where was before and I went like
exploring a whole lot of the land that
got lost and it took me a while to get
back here it's it's not pretty late
where I am so this probably won't be
that long of a video but either way
whatever let's go back and oh man it's
getting dark it's i'm not sure what I'll
do since it's dark I don't really want
to go exploring
so guys I guess what we can do is wait
out the night so I'll resume this video
when in-state time again hey guys we're
not exactly back to day but while I was
waiting for day I did find this little
cave and I decided I should start taping
because I think would be a lot more
interesting watching with you guys then
I saw the lights on the other side and
realized I've been here already
I thought was creepy that was coming
from there
what the alright so I've been here
already but I don't remember when
the hell I don't even know where this is
oh god I dunno that's a creeper and I
don't want that stay there on guard
where the hell is this obviously I've
been here did you guys see that did you
guys see that oh my God we're about to
have a massive massive party oh yeah
massive party all right I'm gonna take
these guys on mana mana Romano let's
just get me some food
maybe some Canadian bacon I love me some
Canadian bacon all right come here you
think I know how to dodge your bullets
son of a gun and you creeper don't blow
don't blow die die die die yes all right
guys I think this is oh oh you again
that's three of yous now do I go in here
oh good god all right you blew up thank
you Tom easy coal-fired is there more of
you up there last thing I remember yes
there was yes you see what are you all
doing I heard the zombie
oh what the hell another one where's
this one man guys I can't stand these
kids also can't stand the floats water
all right well what the hell oh my god
I'm so tired
it's going to check out here hunter
right there hey get off my lap it's
another 1i here
man they're all out there you know what
for the sake of me just seeing where the
hell this is
all right wait a minute wait a minute
I've been here before this is where I go
lost guys I got lost all the way over
here just to find out that this goes
back to my house one that's extremely
stupid of me to that's extremely amazing
of the game all right now nothing can
get in Louis micasa here right and I
don't think things are going to go
flying off there
alright perfect all right guys let's put
this back on normal
God is just amazing do I really need
this now I don't think so so there no
all right there because that makes me so
happy so so happy i'm going to mine all
this gravel out oh my god i'm so happy
alright guys so i don't know how great
this commentary away considering it's
like eleven o'clock where i am and i'm
exhausted but i have no more torches i'm
not going to go down there but you know
people do are exploring for clay some
other day probably tomorrow so thanks
for watching guys sub in love it